>> Mike North: So let's take care of it.
Import, fetch from fetch.
And here we've got a team ID we're
gonna say resp = await, fetch.
We gotta make this an A sync function so
that we may await.
>> Mike North: api/teams$
just like that, right?
Drop the team ID in the correct place.
>> Mike North: And
decode the body to json.
>> Mike North: Sorry, responsive design,
that's why we were not
seeing the side bar.
Two more teams had popped up.
That is a pretty convincing indicator that
there is certainly more data there
than what we were seeing before.
Now let's try clicking on one of these.
>> Mike North: All right, so
now, the team is being loaded.
And there is a second API
call being made down here.
You can click on that and you could see
here is the API response coming back.
And it looks like there
are channels in that team,
so let's iterate over those channels
to build up the channel list, right?
We've already passed the whole
team to that sidebar component,
this shouldn't be too bad.
So let's go team-sidebar.hps and
what looks like a channel here,
channels, okay, so it's coming up.
This looks like it.
That link certainly looks like what
we would expect the channel to be.
Data channel ID that I'm
99% sure at this point.
So let's give it a shot,
each team channels as channel,
there's our little array .for each and
we need a link too.
Instead of the a tag, right?
Our route name,
>> Mike North: Is team channel.
This is the innermost area in here.
And channel ID, we can swap that in.
We need to provide so that we're
getting an error message right now.
The next thing we're
gonna do is address that.
You attempted to generate a link for
this route, but
you did not pass the models for
generating its dynamic segments.
I love these error messages like there.
This is actionable, right?
Gotta pass the model.
>> Mike North: Model, and
will be the channel ID.
And then we should save,
error message goes away.
We should put the channel.name here.
>> Mike North: All right,
that is not general, that says top secret.
And if we go from team to team,
>> Mike North: Looks
like we've got different
channels showing up.
Now, this looks weird.
From using Slack before
I usually expect there to be a bar on
the currently active channel, right?
That background highlighting.
And it looks like we always get this.
So I'm just gonna search through the CSS
applied to this, the classes, and
see if I can find something that
looks like a background color.
That looks like it.
What we want is
a conditionally applied class
if this links happens
to be the active link.
And Link2 has something for
this, active class.
>> Mike North: PGTL dark.
Because no class is active right now,
we're just at teams/LinkedIn with no
slash channel of any kind after that.
But if we click on either of these we
should see I can alternate one and
the other, and one and
the other, and it works, right.
And in fact, this is when
the channel HPS is showing up.
So it seems like once we have our full URL
built with all of the pieces required,
things are starting to look good.
>> Mike North: One last thing we
want to do is make a request for
that channel data.
Channel data what might have
some messages in there for us?
So let's go to our channel route.
>> Mike North: Import fetch from fetch.
>> Mike North: We're gonna have model
hook,
>> Mike North: That we're
gonna make a fetch in there at some point.
I wanna check our little API
examples thing to make sure
that we're gonna hit the right URL,
so let's check it out.
Get a team which includes channels.
>> Mike North: So
we can get a single team,
we can get team channel messages.
So I think we're just gonna do this
in two steps, seems okay to me.
So this is the path we want to
hit to get data about a channel.
And we can really easily just
bring that up here and experiment.
There's our teams, the name of the team,
channels the name of
the channel and,
>> Mike North: Get a channel.
>> Mike North: And
there's a little button popping up.
>> Mike North: Interesting,
let me give it a quick little check.
>> Mike North: Sorry,
I think we gotta do that now.
LinkedIn, channels, recruiting.
>> Mike North: There we go.
I just had to use a channel name and
a theme name that
are actually in our database.
That's the only thing I had to tweak here.
And there we go.
So we get our channel data and
we'll deal with messages in a moment.
But this looks good to me and
we can bring that into our route and
then call this step complete.
Const to response = await fetch.
And then back tix cuz we're gonna
replace this with something and
replace this with something.
Now, here things are getting a little bit
interesting because we've found ourselves
at a route where although we get
the channel ID we do not get the team ID.
And so we kinda need to get
a clue from our parent,
from the parent route, the team route.
What were the parems that you were passed?
What were the arguments that you
received in your model hook?
And there are two ways we could do this.
If you've used Ember before you're
probably familiar with modelFor, right?
modelFor would let us get whatever
the model is for the team route.
So this would get us that team object and
it's the same rules as in
route templates where this will get you
whatever a promise resolves to write you.
You won't get the promised, you'll get
the resolved value, so you've seen this
before, the best practice here and
I mean this seriously, only reach up.
Only go from child route,
to parent route, to grandparent.
You want to do that because
you can be assured that
they've all recently loaded their data and
their stuff is still valid.
If you reach to the side,
like to your brother or
sister route,
that data could be really old.
And that route could never
have been called yet.
It may never have had a model, right?
We never hit that URL yet.
So you can run the risk of getting
nothing, getting stale data.
It's generally gonna not be a good time.
So only reach up your ancestry
to your parent and grandparent.
A new thing that's been added recently
is we don't have to call modelFor
necessarily.
We can call paremsFor.
And that gives you, for
the same route, for the team route,
what did its model hook
receive as arguments.
So here we'll be able to get team ID.
And now we can plug this together,
I expect a build error cuz
I saved at a weird time.
teamId and channelId,
so that's our response,
return resp.json.
And that should give us the channel.
And we'll just wire that up real quick.
And we can say, the title is now gonna be
this.model,
>> Mike North: Title.
We'll try name.
>> Mike North: I see I have
an undefined in my URL down here.
What did I do wrong?
>> Speaker 2: You need teams- [CROSSTALK]
>> Mike North: Thank you.
>> Mike North: Okay, perfect.
That was it.
That's all it took.
So now we've got recruiting,
job hunting, right?
That's icing on the cake.
This model description.
There we go.
Now our headers are changing and
our channels, our list of channels
changed as we go between teams.
When we pick a channel, we can see
the header changes with the title and
the description of the channel.
We can see that all of these API calls are
going out, they’re fetching real data so
we have now through basically swapping out
hard coded array in our routing layer.
We replaced them with promises
that resolved to similar data,
we didn’t have to touch
too much of our app.
I mean, the only way we touched our
templates in other ways was to start using
this data, right.
To start consuming it in a deeper and
more involved way.
>> Mike North: Just checking
the test before I recall it.
>> Mike North: What's going on?
Our tests are hard coded for
a channel name called general.
So team sidebar test and
we can pass this a team,
>> Mike North: right, so
team sidebar wants a team now.
And we could say,
this set my team name general
description looks like,
that's fine, let's see.
We expected this and we got this.
>> Mike North: So there's the username,
>> Mike North: I
think I made the wrong fix here,
let me just back this up real quick.
>> Mike North: All right,
so we got the side bar.
We've got the user, channels, okay.
So we have to worry about
a channel called general and
I was passing it a team called general,
that was the problem.
So we'll go back into that.
>> Mike North: And we don't need
to worry about the team's name,
we just need to have,
>> Mike North: Something like that.
>> Mike North: Title.
>> Mike North: Let me just
look at my template so
I don't go too much deeper into this.
There's my model.name.
So it should be name and
description for the header but we're-
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] array brackets.
>> Mike North: Pardon?
>> Speaker 3: Your channels.
>> Mike North: Thank you.
>> Mike North: And this should be
name in fact and we're good to go.
All right, so the further we parameterize
these components, we have to go back and
do little tweaks to our tests, because
they're getting empty stuff at this point.